Area wise admission process is not good.
We want a fair and easy admission process.
It was alright for us.
No problems
It was a good experience
No comment
We did not have any issues to change
No choice.
Faced problems because of documentation.
Concession in fees is required.
There is no change in the the system despite the complaints. We feel like we have no choice.
Concession in fees would be helpful for us.
Fees is being charged more and student quality has improved.
It was  a smooth experience.
The admission process is unfair and leads to inequality in access to education.
Education definitely has changed and so has the admission criteria. Students should already be prepared to tackle challenges
No problems
This school had random selection, so I didn?t have a problem
Children have become smart.
there was no problem at all
Had to giive interview for admissions which was tough
The admission was OK
Getting to know about the various options available and arriving at a decision requires a bit of time and research
we had to give an interview. It was very new to us.
It is difficult for a business man to leave his business and stand in line for admissions. There are long ques for admission forms. They should do something about it.
Admission process was not easy. I had to stand in line for the admission forms and also had to give an interview
These days you need to spend a lot of time to get forms. The forms are costly and also the interview process is not very parents friendly.
School fees is a bit high, it just limits the choices.
It was smooth
it was a very refined procedure
The admission process was Ok without problems
fees these days are becoming very high. We have to send them where we can afford.
Nothing as such
While deciding the school, a of factors have to be considered and it takes considerable amount of time. It is a bit difficult to select the school with lot of options available
Bad experience. They were asking too many questions. Educated crowd gets admissions very easily, but difficult for people like us to get admissions
Admission process was easy.
For the urdu school I had no problems getting admisson. For the English medium school we had considerable problems as the interviews were in English and we can't speak English. They were also quite unsure if my child will be able to cope up.
Entire process was a good learning experience
Experience for admission of my kid was good and smooth
No special learnings
You need to have good contacts
Smooth functioning.
Punctuality needed in the admission process
Admission experience was very well taken care of. It was systematic and well co-ordinated
School Infrastructure and style of learning which was demonstrated to us during admissions was impressive and promising
No issues faced.
nothing significant
Everybody has a different priority and need for their children
It was very tough. Had to try for 2 years. Seats are very limited in good reputed schools as compared to number of applicants
It is tough
Good schools are there in pune which have low fee. Admission is tough
Getting a form is a pain because they keep strict deadlines
It was pretty straight forward. Just have to wait for merit list after a brief interview
Filled the admission form and got the admission on first come first serve basis
He did not participate in the process. His daughter herself fulfilled all the formatlities after she took the admission
Donations are high, fees structure is also more. Schools have become more commercialised.
No learning
foe small children one should find a school neaby as it becomes tough for small kids to travel
Need some reference. Difficult to some extent.
Do not rush into the admission
In better institutions, donations and higher fees are charged.
No Views
School is near house so did not put much thought into process
Donations charged are very high but with special reference in the school management staff, admission process seems easier.
Smooth experience and faced no problems in the process although had no reference in the school.
Good,got admission through neighbour who knew a management staff in the school. Hence experience was fluent.
those who could not afford private schools can go to only govt school
No Problems
Admit children to same school from Play house so less problem 
No problems as such but had to go to admissions 2- 3 times
No Views
Everything was smooth.
Very smooth and easy process
It was a good process. I came to know different aspects of admission proccess
Time consuming selection process
I had to do nothing. I knew somebody in the school already
Admitting your child in a decent school is a huge task
Smooth Process
Nothing special. 
99
99
No hitches
It was a nice experience
Number of students are on the rise, so entry in the schools is becoming difficult
Easy process
Simple since we were given a preference
Long process
Admission of eldest child was tough because everything was indifferentiable, but the admission for youngest was easy because the perception for Vidya Bhavan was good
Tiresome procedure
Having money is important in India due to the donation system
There are too many options now. Worried about higher education, if a kid wants arts.
For pre-primary admissions, one needs to ensure that the environment at the school is such that the kid doesn't get intimidated.
We have many options and weighing each school by one parameter is unfair.
Did not Respond.
Pleasant. Since I had contacts, it made the process easier.
No Response
Did not Respond.
Kids have to focus on getting good grades these days. Since the entire process is based on only academic performance
More institutions should go for profile-based interviews and admissions and not just academics
Now lots of choices are there. Better rating methods
We did not know the process has become so difficult and tedious (with parent interviews!)
Now lots of choices are there. Better rating methods
Kids have to focus on getting good grades these days. Since the entire process is based on only academic performance
Admission in pre-primary is important now a days because changing schools later is very costly.
Her mother consulted with lot of her friends and then decided on the school.
Parents have to think a lot nowadays
My son did everything. Because of him, I learnt a lot of things
Now, Students are burdened with a lot of work. It was better in our times. But now, students have to study much more to succeed. 
No Response
Did not Respond.
My son did everything. Because of him, I learnt a lot of things
For pre-primary admissions, one needs to ensure that the environment at the school is such that the kid doesn't get intimidated.
Admission in pre-primary is important now a days because changing schools later is very costly.
Her mother consulted with lot of her friends and then decided on the school.
Now lots of choices are there. Better rating methods
Now lots of choices are there. Better rating methods
Did not Respond.
Kids have to focus on getting good grades these days. Since the entire process is based on only academic performance
We did not know the process has become so difficult and tedious (with parent interviews!)
More institutions should go for profile-based interviews and admissions and not just academics
Parents have to think a lot nowadays
Pleasant. Since I had contacts, it made the process easier.
There are too many options now. Worried about higher education, if a kid wants arts.
We have many options and weighing each school by one parameter is unfair.
Kids have to focus on getting good grades these days. Since the entire process is based on only academic performance
Now, Students are burdened with a lot of work. It was better in our times. But now, students have to study much more to succeed. 
No Response
No Response
it was a smooth process, not many huddles in the process
I did not have much problems
none
the process was smooth.
It was hassle free, we did not face any problem
The management was very cooperative.
Our process of admission have been smooth so far. Pune is a great place for students
We do not have avenues for decision making
Admission experience was quite smooth
Good system, Satisfied
pune is a good city. Systems in this school are very convenient.
Good schools have lot of competition, some of them openly ask for donation. We have to qeue for weeks outside schools to get forms. 
The process was tedious and long, required too many formalities
It was very tough. The seats are limmited and applicants were more.
It  was a good and smooth process. Did not face any problem
It was a smooth process.
Money plays an important factor in the admission process
There were too many forms to be filled. We were also asked for donations
too many interview rounds. Not much hassle though as school is comparatively new. But fees was problematic
Need resources and luck to compete in this competitive struggle for childs future
Took the help of friends and neighbours for admission process. Very little self-inputs given
it was very easy
nominal , 4 easy test merely formality
They did not consult anybody to give admissions to their kid. They did not have any experience
Good , no tedious process
it was okay overall. Just that the school had called again for interviews.
not too many hassles, really happy about this school.
too much of suffering. Selected in the interview, yet was not shortlisted. Needed to use influence to get through. This is really bad as talent is not recognized yet
need lot of patience, especially with a school like theirs. Child undergoes a written as well as online test. Very difficult to get through. Tough competition for parents as well. Overall good experience.
easy and good. Lucky enough to get through as other parents face a lot of difficulties with policies etc. sibling studying in the same school hence beneficial.
her mother was roaming all day for the school admission as she was busy with transfer. So only 1 seat was available here and they took it.
very good - 3 school forms in which 2 no interviews , indra national got through but people and friends said no finally blue ridge where more emphasis on child rather than on parents
Little difficulties faced during admission of child as balancing work and admission process
Good without any difficulties
Very bad - donation charged for LKG , lot of interviews and personal questions
Came to know about the fees structure of different schools and the donation expectations from some schools to give admission
Applying to schools was a good experience which also made us aware of the curriculum of the school and also the facilities.
Smooth, not much trouble in getting admissions and also online application has made life easy
No issues
Information about curriculum; no other problem
No problem
No problem
No problem
No trouble
nice
No problems
Knowledge of the school, collecting information, online conduct of process in each and everything. Asking for donation in a fraudulent way
It is difficult to get admission
No problems as such. Well-organized
Faced no problems, The school is good
No problem. The process went smooth
It was tough but it was good because then we have good students
No problem in the process.
No problem
the admission process went smooth
One should be more careful in choosing the school
No problem, smooth experience
It is tough to get admission in a good school
There were no problem. It went smooth
Hassle free admission
 process
Smooth process
Donation should be prohibited
Smooth process; Open & transparent Process
Hassle free admission
 process
No difficulties faced.
1. The admissions 
process was clear and transparent.
since the number of schools are less for nursery children , there is insecurity 
regarding the process.

1. Quick and systematic procedure
overall good experience 
1. more formalities 2. It?s a lengthy process
3.lot of uncertainity
Relatively smooth  procedure; proper checking of papers
Difficult document submission/verification, No donation, No reference
Asking for High donation
no donation, no ducument verification
Easily done
It is difficult to get admission,no references required
Documents related to the child is required and thoughrouly checked
Simple procedure
verifying the documents
Smooth process
Document submission was dificult
It has changes from the past. Nowadays there is interviews of parents and also donations
The admission experience has been good. It has changed much from the past. It is rigorous and requires a lot of effort.
The way donations are asked by schools
Nothing much, as we didn?t have any struggle for the admission
The process has become tough compared to earlier.
There is very less responsibility in government school as compared to private schools
Difficult to search a school with low fee and good education
It is essential to do research properly as a good school is a necessary steo towards the development of the child
Nothing much
All aspects should be considered while choosing a school so that you dont repent later.
Didn?t have to search much for the school
For admissions you need a lot of influence
Good learning experience
Now the process has become rigorous and confusing
No key learnings. No role in the admission process
Beware of donation and fee harged by schools
Verify all facilities that are mentioned are actually there or not
Admissions search should start early as many schools close their admissions early
ADMISSION PROCESS IS RIGOUROUS, PARENTS SHOULD NOT BE INTERVIEWED
YOU SHOULD LOOK FOR A SCHOOL WHCH DOES NOT BURDEN THE STUDENTS WITH ACADEMICS
YOU SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE PEDAGOGY OF THE INSTITUTE
NOW A DAYS IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THE PEOPLE TO SURVIVE, AND EDUCATION PROVIDES THAT EXPOSURE. SO, WE SHOULD LOOK FOR THE BEST POSSIBLE EDUCATION.
THE PROCESS AND KIND OF SCHOOLS HAVE CHANGED NOW A DAYS
BOARDING SCHOOLS ARE MUCH BETTER FOR ALL ROUND DEVELOPMENT
REALLY TOUGH TO GET ADMISSION IN CBSE SCHOOLS
CBSE SCHOOLS HAVE BECOME VERY COMPETENT
DECIDING ON SCHOOL DEPENDS ON VARIOUS FACTORS, WORD OF MOUTH IS BEST.
GOOD SCHOOLS FOCUS ON SPORTS AND ACADEMICS, ADMISSION PROCESS SHOULD BE SMOOTH
NO PROPER SOURCE OF INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE
YOU HAVE TO BE EDUCATED TO FACE THE CHALLENGES OF THE SOCIETY.
EASY TO GET ADMISSION
YOU NEED TO KNOW THE BEST POSSIBLE WAYS TO CONVEY YOUR IDEAS THEREFORE CHILDREN SHOULD GET THE BEST POSSIBLE EDUCATION.
BEFORE TAKING ADMISSION YOU SHOULD DO SOME RESEARCH
NOW A DAYS ENGLISH IS COMPULSARY TO LEARN AND TO COMMUNICATE.
BETTER EDUCATION MEANS MORE MONEY, GOOD QUALITY EDUCATION IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR CHEAP.
YOU NEED TO EXPLORE A LOT BEFORE CHOSING COLLEGE OR SCHOOL
Very smooth experience
Bureacracy & paperwork should be removed
Smooth experience
Donation is always an issue.I don't like giving money for donations.They should like give admission on basis of merit and talent
No experience
Schools are good but its parents who create all chaos.
No such learning as it was not that complicated procedure
Same as a usual procedure
they make kids of 3 years to do activities that are not very appealing to me
Patience pays
99
they do not listen to us, we need to wait in line for a long time
not a problem getting admissions in a public school
it is very hard, they make u come again and again
language selective
difficult to get in
Simple
No such process
Okay. Takes Interview.
Flexible
Convenient
99
Entrance test is necessary, Donation charged
Easy and quick
99
Smooth method
No interview Process
Tough. Should be easier.
Simple and evaluative
99
Cooperative management
Simple
Focus on child while interviewing
Interactive and fun for the kid
School was new so the experience was quite effortless Competition is tough for established schools Self improvements is most important one cant expect school can do wonders
Long queues are uneccessary and should be avoided Online application form should be available
Being a new school, the admission process was smooth, admission interviews were rigorous which is not required for young kids, don?t decide by the name and fame but by the substance and quality of education
sending to the school on time, parents should be strict from their side towards studies.
Proper Visit and inspection of the School is very important.
Government schools have a large class strength and hence students get very less attention. Hence private schools are better
CBSE, syllabus is very important, very important to visit the school personally
Because it is a government school they don?t ask much. Just DOB, village name, address. Big schools have a lot of fees. Ia can only afford to spend my kids to govt. school.
It was good. They had 150 applications and called the parents as per their schedule.the process was kept very brief and transparent that is something we were impressed with.
Admission experience in Sanskriti School depicts me a clear school culture and my son's past education culture. And in lokseva it was plesure as they welcomed us we are our partners to them as it is a first year of the school.
just asked the name and address.told the date when to come.took all the details.
yes.no expenditure.children will learn.go outside.we are poor.suits our budget.the best we can give our children.
gov schools are not good.so,I am sending him to convent english medium.he is learning a lot.he even teaches me english.there was a test before admission and he passed. I am proud of him.though fees charged is very high but good education is necessary.
Both parents and child interview should be taken together so as to make the child feel comfortable during interview.
The whole process was systematic. They took interview of my daughter by asking simple questions to judge her I.Q.
The school people interviewed parents not to check their IQ but to get acquired what the parents think about themselves, the society around and towards their children.
Good and Systematic.
They were asking for donation. So, we had to ask our friend( from political background) to speak to the school authority. Only then did we get admission. Every school wants donation. They didn't look at marks.
I wanted a reputed school and it should be upto 12th. I will have my children study in that school throughout, so quality of education is really important. The schools have very rigourous question answer session with students and parents. These sessions should be more interactive.
I had been to atleast four schools before I chose a school for my daughter. The thing that I checked for is the close proximity to my residence and access to teachers and school Management.
expirince with symbiosis school was not good, locality constraint was violated
availability of seats were an issue
it was a cake walk
if parents are well educated then schools give higher priority
Am expirience you won,t forget easily
strong will to get admission , process is difficult to comprehend
it is a time consuming process
smooth process
it is rigorous process
highly time consuming
Seats are limited
interaction with other parents
it is not difficult to get admission if one has the required sources, otherwise it becomes very difficult
Difficult to get admissions nowadays
Now even schools are approaching parents for admissions
everyone has become money minded
some school just want donation

Innovative and upto the mark
Changed from past to present 
Easy to get admission
Good hunt for School
It was good experience and  that hard work pays off
It's been overall good experience
Easy procedures
Easy procedures
it was easier to get admission for our second child as our elder child was in the same school 
you need to be educated about the various option of school you have at your disposal
the city is very fast growing and the number of good schools is very less,so there is a lot competition
it is becoming very difficult to find good school these days with the constraint of income
these days school fees are very high and because of donation system it is difficult for people like us to provide good education to our children
it is very stressfull at times,so you are always worried if your child will secure admission or not
there are so many options which creates a lot 
one should send one's child to good school so that they get best of education and this needs a lot of commitment from child
the number of good schools one can afford in one's budget are very less
it is very difficult to select a school because the future of the child depends on it
Admission process should not be complex and parents should be told about different activities and plans in detail at the time of admission.
Form filling instructions should be made clear.
More scholarships should be given and all other probable expenses must be explained to the parents.
No learnings
It should be easy, high competition, not based entirely on talent but on donations.
Satisfactory and parents need to know English for the admission procedure.
Good but emphasis should be more on child than parents.
Low response, low vacancy in the classes.
Good but donations taken during admissions imposes stress on parents.
Cumbersome admission procedure. Endless queues and large number of forms to be filled.
Tedious admission procedure and lots of competition.
Knowledge of children in English is important. 
Easy admission experience, English knowledge important.
Admission experience is good. Fee is an important criteria.
Direct admission
No much waiting during the process.
In one of the schools, my husband and I were asked to pay a donation which was a large sum for us. We took a loan and managed to secure a seat. This system should be more transparent.
It was very smooth. Though I felt technology could be put to better use, like online admission forms, submissions, etc.
It is getting really fast.
Age criteria was an issue. Could not get through to nursery. Donation is an issue. 
It is getting hard to get into a god school.Also fees charged by them is increasing every year
The process was simple. Did not apply to popular schools. Research is very important. Expectations and criteria should be clear.
Should weigh all parameters in detail.
Parents also play a major role in helping child sort out the best college.Choosing the right institute is really difficult.
Difficulty in getting admissions
Difficulty in getting admissions
Budget constraint is the deciding factor.
My children should be more educated than me and do well in life.
Schools for poor people are very few and they lack quality.
High money invlolved
High money invlolved
Education is important
Schooling is necessary.
All children should be sent to school.
High money invlolved
Nothing
Donated 10,000 Rs because of principal's arrogance
Nothing
Yes. Take your opinion, take a look around, talk to administration, do not just blindly follow
Nothing new
It taught me more about researchin thoroughly
They issue limited number of ofrms and getting forms is tough.
We understood the optimum age is very important and how extra efforts needs to be taken to put the child at the right time
Nothing new
Parents should be more prepared for the admission procedure due to the huge rush for limited number of seats in good schools.
Nothing
Good education in today's world comes with high cost
Had sought help from distant relatives who work in the school
Nothing
Difficult to personally visit so many schools
Not many problems
1. Knoweledge of the school, 2. Collecting information, 3. Anecdotal information from parents, 4. online conduct of each and every thing no queueing at all, collecting forms In due time, 5. ask for donations in a fraudlunt way, 6. even In parents interview they ask money for admission
no
Management of overall admission process
No
It was standard process, No disturbance
It was a Hasle free  process and proxmity to house is the main deciding factor.
Process was smooth
No problem as the process was smooth
Since a teacher in the school was a relative, it was easily done.
Choosing a good school is difficult especially if you do not earn enormous money.
None
It is very necessary to weigh all available options and then decide else we can end up making wrong choice. Happened with my brother who is not satisfied with the school.
saw the level of competition involved in admission process. I believe the parents interview should not be taken.
smooth process. Did not face any difficulties
finding a good school was a big task as many factors need to be taken into consideration, I and my wife saw all the factors and decided on the right school
do not have nay complaints with the admission process
we did not have much option has private schools charge high donation that we can't afford.
Education is the need of the day. Competition has increased tremendously which reflects in the admission process
no interview was taken. The experience was good
admission process was smooth.
admission decision is a crucial decision not only for future of children but also for parents. It should be taken only after well research and consultation with knowledged people may besomeone from friends or family
Rigorous admission process should be loosened not only for the benefit of students but for the benefit of the society. It is increasingly becoming difficult complex and difficult for education to be accessible to us.
the admission process is cumbersome and needs to be simplified. It is becoming increasingly difficult for a child to secure seat in a school
The entire admission experience made me learn about the competition that exists for our kids and that today money and not talent is important to acquire admission in a good school
Good experience,good staff and very good approach
some staff were rude
Need to speak good marathi
good,staff could be a little better
Good interview process
Not satisfactory
Satisfactory


centralised admission process should be there. It is helpful
Not much, filled form and got admission.
Education is important and should select best school within our capacity for our children.
Govt schools are left for poor, private school charge high fee

staff was polite and helpful
Very smooth process, staff was quick to repond to queries

rigorous process
Pleasant, familiar with process and good contacts made process easier
Plan early
Admission was tough as there were lots of students vying for seats. 
Admission process was hectic and getting admission wasn?t easy due to lack of seats. 
Getting in was very tough and the admission process was stressful. 
No problems faced in admitting the child. 
Faced a little difficulty in getting the child in. 
Admission was easy and hasslefree. 
Admission process should be made simpler
Fill up the forms n time
No difficulty was faced during admissions. They were cordial to us when we met them.
Trouble free process and admission was not difficult
Trouble free process 
Trouble free process and admission was not difficult
Very easy process
Process was difficult because of competion.
Parents interview also conducted which in a way is good to judge the children
Good concern towards background of Parents
Rigorous admission process for children
Parents should be well aware of all the good schools and admission procedures of different schools
The admission process is simple, just about money 
Mostly money oriented
Parents need to reserch about the school and the reason for choosing the particular school
Rigorous admission process for children as well as parents
Very tedious process
Administration is not very helpful 
Need to apply early
Simple and fair policy
Admission through written exam so only meritorious students are selected
Government school, adnission procedure not tedious, satisfied children
99
Easy admission procedure
99
99
The important learning has been that there are many key factors to seek admission and one has to make a chooice on the basis of individual priorities and needs
Important for parents to do good research before choosing a school
The important point is that  tha parents must thoroughly research all institutes before jumping into the process. The process unlike smooth, is time consuming. Also, the meaace of donation is always present.
Process was easy. No difficulties , Extremely smooth process.
Overall, it was smooth process, but the problem os donations is huge. Established institute ask for huge sums.
Easy process, No difficulties
The process was smooth and streamlined. Documentation required was a bit excessive. But apart from that, no hassles.
The entire process was smooth and quickly dispensed with. I have no complaints.
the only complaint is the excessive donation charged by all the schools. This makes education for us common people out of reach.
The admission process was easy and smooth. But, discovered that private schools demand for high donations.
The school bus facilities are extremely expensive and so are the fees. Exhorbitant amount of donation was asked because of which we could not get a school of own choice.
Process seems smooth but, excessive paperwork. Donation being charged everywhere.
One requires a lot of patience throughout the process. Also, education has become extremely expensive.
Time and paperwork required is huge. Otherwise, the process is smooth.
The process is tedious, but smooth and transparent.
Process of admission took a lot of time and too many documents were needed. Therefore, the experience was not so good. 
The admission process was smooth and hassle free.
The process was smooth and my overall experience was good.
Admission process was smooth and no problems were faced
Admission process should be more transparent
The overall admission process was smooth and the admission was easily available as the elder brother was in the same school
Even during admission, process was simple, the kids in fact enjoyed the process
School was very cooperative throughout the admission process
The admission was easily available as the sibling was in the same school
Procedure was a bit too long, lot of documentation
They had a bad experience with school charging donation, present school admission process was smooth
In Jumbo Kids, the oversall admission process was conducted smoothly.
Admission process was smooth and no problems were faced
No problems as such & Admission process was smooth 
Interview process was smooth, the admission was easily available as the sibling was in the same school
Interview of children was taken, but the questions were not very difficult and admission was easily done
No problems as such were faced in the admission process
Process was not too difficult
Process was easy
School admission dept. was very cooperative
As father was ex-student, no problem was faced in admission process
Admission procedure was complicated & time consuming and also admission dept. did not cooperate
Admission process was smooth but time consuming
Too much donation. Merit not a basis of admission.
Admissions werent rigorous,there was random selection and the process was transparent.
Like the random selection process,like no interview,like the fact that it is fairly cheap.
Not rigourous,very general.Intensive interview with parents.
Don't take the draw system, prefers sibling system
Should be first cum first serve basis and merit based too.
Interview of parents should not be taken, too much advertisment
Some school faculty are rude, change in attitude and professionalism is needed
Shouldn't be too rigrious for children
Easy school admissions, merit based.
No issues
99
The process is easy
Simple procedure. Improved over time - less time consuming
None
Have no opinion
Smooth and easy. Good system
None
Nothing Specific
Last year marks are important
Nothing Specific
Nothing Specific
2 Interviews, Difficulty for convent schools
Easier experience as we had already learnt a lot during d admission of elder child
parents should also practice before the interview
it was a long process, interview preparation was required beforehand
parents occupation is importanat irrespective of how child is
Tough time,child under age
it was a good procees and admission was easy
not applicable
parents education is important
child should be more active for interviews
one should keep in touch with school authorities for data/deadlines, noticeboard. Also internet is a problem
education of parents makes it easier to take a call for the children
Tough to make a decision, Reference is necessary
Nothing Specific
It was a straightforward procedure. 50%admissions preferred continuing in same school after kindergarten. This shows the satisfaction levels.
It was a tedious process wherein even the parents were interviewed.
Admission process was smooth.
The parents were interviewed but no other difficulties in ther process.
Donation problem
Stressful interviews of parents are not good
Poor transportation facilities
Waiting in the queue is painful
Good experience.
None
None
Good process. Learnt new things but cannot articulate.
None
Not many
Parents should also take a lot of interest in the admission process
Smooth process. No problems
Many schhols are very expensive and poor families can't afford them. We are happy with this school and the process
Smooth process. 
People must be aware of the donation policies before taking a decision. 
These days processes are more interactive. Even small children have to go through multiple rounds for selection.
Smooth Process. They had no hassles
Parents Interview is not needed, First preference should be given to local people
Easy process. No difficulties faced. They applied to only one school and got the admission
Some schools interview the parents and select children taking this in consideration as well.  Parents who do not understand english too well face a problem
A rigorous process which was very structured
If you know someone whose kid is in the same school, process becomes easier. Feedback from people is important.
At this age admission is easy. Nowing about good schools is more important
Process was structured and smooth. Donation was not being asked and there are very few schools like that these days
Even schools admissions hav become tough. The earlier you start the process, the better it is as less seats are available.
Smooth process if well informed, interactive
Smooth Process. No interview taken
Parents must talk ot the principal and teachers to know level of school
It was simple. For fees and school facilities, asking friends and aquaintances helps
99
99
Hassle Free
The admission experience was good. Actually we didn?t face much problems because my child held good merit, so learning would be that parents whose children do not perform well, it is problematic.
Final decision will always be yours but parents should listen to other people's experiences.
The admission experience was good. Key learning was that nowadays education in India has gained importance, hence donation is very common.
Do a thorough analysis of the nearby schools before deciding on one school
The interview was a little difficult but we could manage to get admission for our child.
It was an easy process and we didnt have to struggle much while taking admission
Admission process has become very important for all schools and we faced little difficulties while taking admission
The admission procedure involved interviewing the child which I think is not just as the child may not answer certain questions at that moment.
Key learning has been that lot of research goes before admission, various schools and also about donation charged but one should set their priorities for choice of school
The centralised system is not good ,dont get colleges that you want (location,etc).Donation charged is not good
The admission procedure was very smooth and the donation changed was according to the service or job of the parent 
key learning has been that school is chosen by parents on the basis of faculty also parents nowdays feel the need to pay donation to get admission in a good school
i didnt learn much from the entire admission experience we went to take admission and it was a normal procedure
Admission experience was good got admision easily and there was no problem
Key learning in this admission experince has been that parents place a lot of emphasis on formal eduction and they do not want their children to do the same job as themselves
IT was smooth ,but more good schools are needed luckily my child got admitted in a good school
as such i came to know about the different schools and the kinds of students that study in a particular school i can now associate students and schools suck as a particular school has certan kind of student studying
it was simple and easy 
99
none
99
It was nice
99
99
Good experienxe, smooth
99
Admission process was smooth
We should have researched more about school
99
99
money isnot important for education. Education is necessary to built future of the child. Also fees can be given in installments so it is useful to families with lower income levels.
99
99
Admission process was quikly done 
99
Admission process has changed
Process, interview
99
99
99
99
99
99
99
It is very difficult to change schools.There should be a portal where all schools/colleges are mentioned along with an honest comparative analysis.
Competition is increasing,it is becoming a business.Bishop School took interview whether parents know english or not and this should not be done
99
competition is increasing day by day
No
Management Quota Emphasis
No
Education is given more importance these days 
99
No
It should be stringent. People are afraid, but not me. Kids were interviewed as a procedure in school & so our kid was also interviewed and also our interview was taken
It was a smooth process
Easy Experience  as we both are well qualified child was accepted easily
It is a big headache. It is time consuming. The kids should not be called for interviews
These days getting an admission is difficult. Parents have to be educated and at times you have to be ready to shell out donation fees if required
It was easy, not much of a hassle
It was an easy process
It was centralised so was easy
Interviews should not be taken of parents , because they could be have studied from Marathi Medium . We could secure admission only because of some connections , else admission would have been difficult . They should not charge donation from others 
we had to pay some donation to get in. Luckily, I earn well enough to get my children good education
No Donation asked and it was easy as ppl from my class easily get admission
It Wasn't easy, My wife and I had to give interviews and also my son was interviewed to get admissions
The admission process was smooth for us . There were no hassles as such .
The admission experience was good as we had the fees and the donation structure of the school as per our budget 
We could get admission to the school by paying a little donation which was affordable for us .
It's been very easy thanks to my aquaintances
these days the schooltakes interviews of parents too. It is a little difficult since I am not very fluent with my english and neither is my wife
It was easy interview of the kid
The overall admission experience was very good. The staff was very cordail and helpful.
It requires a lot of efforts and research must also be done.  Also one must be very cool and calm with the bureaucracy of some schools
It was very difficult as there there were many parents who wanted to put their girls in St Joseph. So we had to face a lot of competition
Not many difficulties faced as a matter of fact it was quite easy for me as I knew many of the school officials to some extent
Not many dufficulties faced and there was easy access of information
I learnt that more than the children it is the parents who need to prepare to get their children admitted in a school.
Our child was very shy. So it was difficult for him to speak in front of the interviewers.
The entire process was very smooth.
It was a smooth process. But, parents interview was also taken.
No problem was faced.
We had to visit frequently to the school while admission
A good experience. But lot of time and efforts must be taken to ensure that your child goes to a good school
It was difficult to make my child speak to strangers during interviews
I learnt the admission process of child as It was new to me
Good staff was helpful and approachable and there was no problem as such. But the process took many days and I had to go to school many times in the whole process.
Lot of documents had to be submitted. Caste certificate , Pan card were asked for which were not present
School staff was not cooperative and because of lack of english awareness , I found many difficulties
It was a difficult experience as it is very challenging to find a good school with less fees and also which can be close to your home
99
None
Admission experience was not difficult
Schools are becoming expensive these days
Talking to teachers and principal gives confidence
No Learning
None
None
We had to fill up a form and a short interview was there.
The key learning is that parents should also know English language because the parents are also interviewed. The mother was not interviewed because she didn't know english and the father was interviewed
None
None
Government schools are affordable, cheap or free
Both my children will go to this school because I went to this school
There is form filling in a very short time span, and interviews very fast. We have to stand in the line for very long
We have to do only form filling.
None
Ask teachers and principals
99
99
99
99
99
99
99
99
Admission form,interview process-all this has created awareness about how important it is for parents to be competitive
Nothing substantial.It has been as expected
99
99
The admission procedure aws simple and hassle-free.
Parents need to be as competitive as children
The centralized process of admission is very convenient
Less number of seats in good schools as compared to large number of kids
99
Less number of seats in good schools 
Convenient, over In single visit
Convenient, smooth
Donation prevalent in all schools, Kendravidyalay school only for govt , wihed to put in convent school but couldn't
Smooth but prparation required
Totally smooth without much hassles
Lot of donation was charged thus had to compromise, settled for kil bil
Sibling admissions upto two kids, smooth process
Smooth because of elder brother's contact
Late admission because family moved to Pne recently
Procedure was very smooth since husband's business position is very good.
No difficulties faced and a very smooth procedure
Long waiting time for documents processing
No lengthy procedures and carried out well and efficiently
Faced admission biases since a convent school, so it preferred Christians more than others.
Overall good experience.
Smooth and fine as there were no rigorous or lengthy procedures
Merit based system, Should train Kids priorily
Financial Crunch due to donation
The parents were interviewed, very well managed admissions process.
Easy
The initial period was difficult. Had to visit many schools for admission.
Some details about school should be carried out by parents before-hand. One should visit the school to check the development of child.
Good services needed in schools.
It was a lucky draw in airforce school. Background check was in place. Over all good and systematic procedure. Experienced hassles and restrictions during document verification in The Bishop's
School authorities asked us to wait for the admission as we were in the waiting list. So, you have to be ready with a backup.
nothing as such
there is much fight for admissions in good schools
rigorous interview process
School staff was very helpful
Te whole process was smooth and was easy to go through the process
Be patient and scrutinize all schools carefully
time consuming process, child should be given more importance during the interviews
Cooperative prinicipal, Soft sopken, very helpful and caring towards child
Interview process is very rigorous.
Interview process is very rigorous.
School staff was very helpful
Process was simple and transparent.
birth certificate, strictness
Prepare well for the Interview
Admission wasn't tough.Got in easily due to the sister being admitted already. No parent interview. Son's interview was not very tough.
The process was fine
Schools follow the format of first come first serve  basis during admissions. It was a horrible experience for me.My wife and I had to stand in queue for four days. There were no online forms.Also, over the years the admission process in DAV has become tedious.Moreover, due to fixed management quota there are very few seats left for general category.
Forgot to fill online forms so now on I will remember to follow procedures.September to November is the admission season so one should keep tabs on the dates for all schools.
Donations are becoming increasingly important
There wasn't any problem. We were well-informed and proactive knowing exactly which school we wanted. It is important to know the best choice first and then one should apply.
Well informed about the process because brother in law's children used to go.
Donation is a major obstacle for admissions in good school. Start saving before time.
I felt like my school is my home when I was studying there.Hgh level of attachment. Also as they knew me there , admission of my children was easy.
Filled form on time. That is why I think we were short listed. Interviews of both parents and children was taken
We could not meet the deadline of form submission, so extra money had to be paid to the admission staff   
if you have money then you can get your child admitted to any school. I paid Rs. 17,000 as donation
Nothing much in particular. Admission process was easy
Admission process was confusing.No clarity on fee structure,donation
knowledge about the area you stay in makes a difference in the interviews. I knew our gram sevak - gaiwkwad.In the interview they asked me questions about him only.
Timely submission of forms is important
No Issue
No key learning
Having interview for kid was a bad thing, for old established school standing in queue for forms and getting admissions was difficult considering the no. of application
No key learning
Always require donation
Easy admission process;Interview of parents with principal of school was a good experience
Status of person in society influences ease of admission(Money+Power)
No key learning
The response of rejection was not communicated
Most schools are fancy with high donation but no substance/quality
Its difficult when application forms are on internet, long queues otherwise
Donations are high. Without them its difficult to get admissions
Smooth experience
Over all admission was good, Long queue during collection of admission forms was a bad experience
Many problems are there like high fees
Formalities were tiring, child interview preparation is required, have to pay for all kinds of funds like infrastructure annual function, etc.
Admission form was easily available, interviews were a good experience, prepare child before hand for admission interview
Called to school for unnecessary reasons and ask for donations
For different activity there are different departments which is good
It is better to consult people who have undergone admission process before going. Also it prepare child for questions that might be asked.
just a formality, there was a nominal test

Normal process
No college expreience yet
Very Rigorous and Poor Handling of the Admission Process.
Cumbersome and not at all people friendly.
Overall process was good but should be informed about requirements.
Very friendly faculty, Easy Process
More counselling required, donation problem, caste issues (quota)
It has been simple and easy
It has been Ok, but it is difficult to get the child admitted to private collee.
While admission in school we saw that the school wanted extra money which was difficult to ive . There should be no donation during college admission.
do not remember
Nothing 
It's Been ok, firstly it was easy to get our son admittted to the college so we can always use this experience for admitting our other child
Scolding
No,I havent, the land lord get my son admitted and since then he takes care of it
Government like porcess
I would advise that schools should not raise donation levels abruptly. When we went to admit our child, he was asked questions beyond his level in interview & the donation has also been hiked from Rs. 18000/student to Rs 23000/ Student.
The admission experience was quite smooth & we had the support of a contact. However I feel the cutoffs are too high & sometimes making access to quality education is difficult.In addition rampant donations are a problem & a drain on resources. It is unjustified too.
During admission we had to stand in long lines & the process was complex, with  a lot of documents to be procured & signed. I want the process to become simpler & hassle free.
The admission should be online as it saves a lot of trouble. Donations should not be there.
Admissions should be solely on the basis of merit & fees should be reduced to a reasonable level. Donation is a problem as sometimes they ask for Rs. 15000/ year.
they liked the symbiosis lucky draw system, and dint like that air force school performance
The admission process was smooth and the staff was very cooperative.
I am amazed at the level of incompetence amongst the staff who carry out admissions process. They are rude at times. Thus parents need to be patient. 
there waslong waiting hours
Admission Experience was good, moreover we had the support of the local MLA, so everything went smooth
I would be delighted if the admission process could have been made more simplier. Lot of form fillng was a nuisance
I became more aware of how to get things done through contacts as sometimes the people at higher posts didn?t listen to me as I was an autoriksha driver.
I faced a lot of problems in form filling. It was very time consuming. Hence I would like it to be online in the future. Also, I came to know many schools charge donations, including PPPS.
A key learning I learnt is that you should be fully financally ready to support your children's admission in a good school. I still face problems regarding the same.
Excess donation the school to have high fees rather than such huge donations.
The process is tiring but it cannot be helped as there are so many students applying for a school
Parents should research about the various schools before sending their child to it
Admission is more easy to get if you have good political contacts. Otherwise it is difficult to get admission nowadays.
They took a small test related to identifying various objects we also went for the interview & found the admission process very smooth
Competition is growing day by day,it is now important for the child to perform to that he can get into good school.Even when and more school are opened still the best schools have lot of competition.My learning was that the admission process is becoming regourous every year and in a way it is a good thing.
Cut off criteria for most of the schools has been set high hence competetion is rising for the admission process.Random process of selection without taking into consideration the meritorious students.
Admission process was very smooth and no donation required.
There is so much competition now a  for getting good school. Education is getting very expensive.
Selection of good school is very essential for growth of child.  
I is difficult to choose good school by one's self. Should enlist help of friens and relatives.
It is very important to go through all the schools in your budget before before selecting one.
The schools now conduct tough interviews, so it is tough for average student to get into them.
Very important to research each school.
It is very difficult to put their children in good school. Education should be free.
Change in Process from Father's Time. In order to Attain Knowledge You Should have the'Will' and the money.
The admission process is getting more and more tough.
The education is getting more and more expensive.
Easy process,direct admission to the school without any problem,low fees
Admissionprocess was quite simple with simple form fill-up process.Admission fees was affordable.
Nothing special.The process was good though
The education in Big shot schools is beyond the reach of poor person.
The process was very simple
Simple process, interactive online admission, easy for uneducated parents.
Good & smooth process
Short interview, looking for skills was easy
The interview was a new experience.
Now, we have knowledge of the process for future.
It was a good process.
It was a good process.
Admission is given unnecessary importance. Too much time and interviews.
99
I saw more number of people in the queue. So more children are getting educated so it is a good thing.
99
It was a smooth process, no problems.
Had to fill out few forms, then depending on donations, admissions are done. Personal interviews are conducted.
There is a problem of donation
It was a difficult process. They look at your pocket more than the merit. Fee rebate to merit students is needed.
Formalities should be skipped.
99
Private schools charege donation. Merit is not given priority.
Got to know about the process.
Fees is very important factor.
